* - My proposed site for a city that Kryll and myself are working on.

The following text is shown to immortals only:

Quite alot of the current areas could be worked into the map as they all
fall into one of the settings, and we can work the new areas around them.
The main problems might be connecting the areas... We need a quick way of
producing 'road areas' that join things up without being tedious and
boring.

This would also give us the opportunity of having different races start in
different, appropriate, places. For example:

humans     - log in to HM village as normal.
elves      - log in to the Elf City, located somewhere in a forest.
half-elves - 50/50 random chance set at char creation between HM village
             and Elf City
dwarves    - log in to a dwarven city under the mountains south of the
             Ice Cap.
giants     - log in to some caves up in those same mountains.
trolls     - log in to some caves in the hills north of the desert.
orcs       - log in to the orc valley (make npc orcs non-aggressive to
             their own race).
gnomes     - log in to a village somewhere in the plains.
hobbits    - log in to a Middle Earth Shire area (once written - Colossus
             had such an area from his Tree of Space and Time).

I would also then locate the guilds according to their nature:

Adventurers - HM village, although there would be branches in most
              major towns/cities.
Thieves     - A largish city.
Druids      - A forest setting.
Fighters    - Wherever - I can't come up with a suitable suggestion.
Jedis       - Wherever - I can't come up with a suitable suggestion.
Mages       - A mountain setting.
Bards       - A town or city.
Monks       - A mountain retreat.
Ninjas      - Ezo
Vagabonds   - Wherever - I can't come up with a suitable suggestion.
Barbarians  - In caves at the foot of the desert hills.

Guilds could also have smaller 'branches' dotted around the world where
players can get information, and general directions to the main guild
setting if they want to join the guild, or look for something there. 

I know that these changes would require a serious amount of work, but if
we target our efforts now, and start thinking about these changes with all
new areas - where they would go in the new world and how they would link
up - and if we start working on the areas needed most for the new world, I
feel that we can make it work. 

