Dangerous Monsters - Qcxvii

Greetings Reader.
Herein a number of dangerous monsters
that are or may become threats to the
leaf are described. Tragically one has
even be willfully made by a predecessor
some 2 centuries ago. 

First the eelworms. These are really not
dangerous in the sense that they do not
harm humans. However as they multiply
very rapidly and do damage the fibrils
of the root system, they might at one
point undermine the entire leaf. Without
the root system properly working, the
leaf will soon die and become unusable.
Where the eelworms came from no-one knows
for sure, but these giant root eaters
don't same natural at all.

I suggest serious measures will be taken
to control the eelworm population, and
will do my part. May my successors do
what they can do.

Another growing problem with some monsters
that can be directly harmful is so-called
spell resistance. Various monsters that
were always kept under control by applying
spells when one encountered them, have
become more or less immune to spells or
stronger curses and sometimes worse. 

An actual example are the dykeghosts that
sometimes dwell along the dyke. They have
become virtually immune to most spells to
keep them from attacking or at a distance.
Only more aggressive techniques can be
applied with more or less success still.
A number of victims have been seriously
injured and 3 have been found dead near
the dyke. Somehow they are related to the
ghost placed in Qcxi's labyrinth room, the
one that kills everyone with a health that
is higher or equal to 30 standard healths.

A most disturbing threat forms the dragon
that Qcxi created. In his book `Monster
creating' he boasts that no harm would be 
inflicted, yet he took his so-called funny
secret with him in the grave, and the
dragon has turned more aggressive over the
ages, and even has grown a lot bigger. It
has made many many victims over the ages,
even 22 in the last one year. If only Qcxi
had listened to Qcx and Qcix...

This dragon has become immune to most of
the applicable spells and curses. Weapons
never had any use against the creature.
The only remedy currently are the so-called
fear stones. These black stones, loaded 
with dwarfen magic, are hard to get but do
frighten the dragon so much if dropped in
its presence that it still always runs
away. Trying to solve the dragon problem 
takes most of my and my staffs time these 
days, and if we fail our successors may
expect even greater troubles.

