Frog Spells and Defrogging - Qclxv

Welcome ye eager to learn readers. In 
this epistle I'll unfold the various 
frogging and defrogging spells developed 
or collected by the Q dynasty up till 
this day.  Of course we will not leave 
the various toading spells and their
counter spells out of scope. To start 
with first Frogging and Toading will be 
discussed, finally Defrogging and Detoading 
will be discussed. Finally some remarks.

I Frogging.
The types of frogs for which spells have 
been collected or designed are: leapfrog, 
ordinary green frog, and bullfrog. 
  For brevity we'll first outline a
general recipe for green frog spells, and 
then describe the differences for the 
other two types of frog.
  For green frog spells, collect frog 
spawn of the proper frog during full moon 
in a winter night. Boil the spawn together 
with Eucalipth leaves and a bit phosphoric 
salt. Then put in a few crumbles of a 
piece of Gnomonyx, gently stir with a 
branch from an old hazel, and finally cool 
it down fast with ice. Dip a twig in the 
mixture and wave it at the victim uttering
the well-known metamorphosis spells, and it 
is done.
  For leapfrog, all that changes it that 
Gnomopyrith is used instead of Gnomonyx, 
and chestnut branch rather than hazel.
  For bullfrog, add bull's urine to the 
leapfrog recipe just after the start of 
boiling. The metamorphosis spells must be 
bulled now, rather than normally uttered.

II Toading
Three types of toads have been collected
spells for in the leaf: normal toads, tree
toads, and horned toads.
  The general recipe for normal toads is
like that for green frogs, only rather than
collecting during full moon, now the new
moon is the proper time, also very early in
the morning rather than midnight. Like for
green frogs, Gnomonyx is used.
  For tree toads use Gnomopyrith instead of
Gnomonyx, but still use hazel branches.
  For horned toads, add pieces of bull horn
and use a chestnut branch rather than hazel.
  Interestingly enough, a small variant of
the tree toad procedure created the stable
ghost lion in the labyrinth room of Qlxxvii.
This lion ghost however is aggressive and
kills everyone who is carrying any money. In
this case however, something else than toad
spawn was used.

III Defrogging
Defrogging is currently less well developed,
and can in fact only be done for green frog
spells.
  The recipe is to make the frogging recipe
during new moon, and rather than boiling,
start with a hot cauldron of water and cool
during mixing. Carbonyx is used instead of
Gnomonyx. Instead of a metamorphosis spell,
the spell is uttered in reverse.
  For other frog types the ingredients are
unknown unfortunately.

IV Detoading
Like defrogging, our present detoading 
knowledge is lacking. Only normal toads can
be turned back as for now.
  The procedure is like for Defrogging of
green frogs, only Lilimaranth is used, and
full moon for spawn selection. Most of the
time this procedure has worked in our
experience.

Remarks - Obviously a lot of work can still
be done by future Q's to expand our reverse
spells for frogs and toads. Even for toading
success is not always guaranteed with above
procedures. Hopefully our followers will use
their time well and have lots of fortune.
      signed, Qclxv 
