Heraldry of the Leaf - Qclxxii

In this work I'll attempt to describe the 
blazons that are used by the Q's in the 
Seven-fingered Leaf. Not all of them could
be traced back, even far from that, but
especially the ones still restored here or
there could be described.

Each blazon of each of the Q's has always
been divided into four quadrants by a blue
cross. In the upper left corner a Leaf with
Seven Fingers, and in the upper right corner
a proudly marching lion, have always been
depicted. For each blazon we know, the name
of the Q and the lower corner pictures will
now be listed.

A six-pointed star, and some hills: Qlxxvii, the Lion
of the Leaf. His blazon still shines on the shield at
the entrance of the most southeastern leaf, the small
but beautiful leaf nowadays a group of Rastafarians
is living in.

A fish, and a fishing-net: Qcxv, the Master of Fishing
Spells. His blazon can be found on the shield to the
finger of the leaf with the fishing village. 

A sun and a moon, and some waves: Qcxx, the Master of
Tidal Control, who played a large part in locking the
Dragon on the Island. His shield is very suitably
located near the entrance to the Tidal finger, the
most northern and largest leaf, unfortunately used to
isolate the Dragon now, so lost for other purposes.

Vegetables and insects, and a crossed hay-fork and spade:
Qclii, who ruined a finger, still has his coat of arms
on a shield at the entrance of the farming leaf, which
he as mentioned ruined, by creating giantly mutated
insects in a failing experiment.

Folded paper, and a twisted wire: Qclvi, Master of
Space Folding. His blazon is on the shield in the
circular hall where the stem connects to it.
  
A six-pointed star, and a book: Qclxxiv, the successor
of my successor, the fresh new Q. His blazon by now
is on several shields throughout the leaf of course.
One is hanging next to the shield of Qlxxvii near the
entrance to the large northwestern leaf. (*

A balance, and a web of twisty lines: Qlxxvii, the
Master of Labyrinthic Arts. A shield with his
coat of arms can still be found at the entrance
of the large northwestern finger, the one left
of the tidal finger. (*

A monster, and another monster: Qcxi, the Master of
Monster Creating, who left us so much knowledge on
the subject of monster creation. His blazon can still
be found on the shield near the entrance to the 
western leaf, that unfortunately is decaying since
some centuries ago certain accidents happened.

Some gold-nuggets, and a dwarf with a pick-axe:
Qxlviii, Master of Mining and Minerals. A coat
of arms of his still struts about on a shield near
the most southwestern leaf, the small leaf that has
been left to the dwarfs through all ages.

A lion, a book, and a feather in an ink-well: Qxxx,
the ancient Writer of the Leaf, who made the first
maps of the known world so later Q's could travel
with greater efficiency. His blazon can still be
seen on a shield near the Library of the Leaf.

*) I still cannot express my astonishment when I
first pressed these shields. I did not even know
about this when I was still the ruling Q, can one
imagine?...
