The Island Dragon - Qcxx

In this work I'll discuss the dragon
created by Qcx, and how I locked it on
the island of Qi.

The dragon that Qcx made, and thought to
be "harmless" appeared to be a disaster
for the leaf. Already during Qcxvii (see
his `Dangerous monsters') the dragon had
become a danger that killed many locals
of the leaf, because it has become immune
to spells and curses against it. I write
with some hesitance, but must mention, 
that Qcxviii and Qcxix hardly did anything
to prevent further disaster, after Qcxvii
bravely fought the dragon his entire life.

However since some time the dragon had 
become so extremely dangerous that with
combined powers, I and my staff, and many
cooperative friends who lend a hand in so
many ways, resorted to something we all
regret, but had to do. Risking their own
lives a number of people kept the dragon
busy on the island of Qi, were it often
came for hunting certain prey. At the same
time I and others experienced in the arts
created barriers around the island that
even the dragon would not be able to pass.

Although magic is involved in the creation
of them, the whirlpools placed around the
island are purely physical phenomena. And
they have just been so designed that they
are powerful enough to be able to move the
dragon. Due to properly selected whirling
schemes it has been found possible to make
the whirlpools eject objects larger than a
certain size in one direction (back) and
smaller objects in the other direction.
This latter direction is into the whirling
channel that all whirlpools are connected
to. This way we were able to make the
system keep the dragon on the island, and
move the unfortunate people who might get
so lost that they end up in those regions
back to a safe site.

To keep some connection to the island for
its many riches, and also to allow us to
get back from the island, one very small
slice of the breakers was left normal. It
is the most southern point of the island.
The area between the circular hall and
the island of Qi, before a nice and calm
collection of sand-banks called wadden, we
had to change into something less easily
crossed, in both directions to be sure.

For making the wadden area hard to cross,
various sorts of magic arts have been
applied. The major role was tidal magic,
to make the tide much faster, the lowest
point a lot higher, and the wadden more
quickly change of shape and place. As the
dragon is not especially intelligent, for
which we may all be thankful, he will in
no thousand years figure out how to cross
the resulting tidal zone. In my work `Tidal
Control' more details may be found on the
magic involved. Interesting was that some
spells of the Hobbit wizards could be used,
and that they were similar to spells used 
to protect the labyrinth room of Qcxvii, so
that in that case a monster kills intruders
who have higher than or equal to 10 spell
equivalents.

Hoping that one day the dragon may be slain
to restore the island in full glory, the
measures described seem to have sufficed, 
and for now the threat has been removed, so
the people of the leaf may live in peace 
and rest once more.
