Qlxxxiv - Turning Lead into Gold

In this manuscript I will outline
the steps for turning lower materials,
specifically lead, into higher ones,
specifically gold. This relatively
simple form of alchemy has been
practiced by the dwarfs of the leaf
since ancient ages, and have been
revealed to us by Qxlviii and also
Qlv, who have been able to filch the
facts from the dwarfs. 
   Using old manuscripts of the
aforementioned Q's, I have been able
to perform all required steps and 
even have I succeeded in creating the
essential stone of wise. 
   The lead required could be easily
found in the old dwarfen mines in the
southeastern finger of the leaf. Deep
in the mines overthere, the dwarfs dig
up some mineral, which they put into
fire to gain pure lead from it. Lumps
of lead are usually around there, and
I could find plenty of it.
   To create the stone of wise, in 
fact the whole job, I needed to find 
a suitable base gem, known as Qinimond.
Lucky as I was, I obtained a piece by
killing a dwarf wizard I came to fight
with after some quarrel. The essential
herbs, Ironweed, Abbysinian Absinthe,
Mesopothanian Myrrh, and Egyptian Elder
wood, I collected on a series of long
journeys all over the known world. When
finally I arrived back in the leaf, my
successor Ras Qlxxxv had obtained the
necessary cauldron somehow.
   We put the stone together with all
herbs in the cauldron, poured over it
the required water from Lake Tana, and
uttered the spells I found in the notes
of Qxlviii: Hosjma Hum Hasjna, and the
other one I found on that most peculiar
note of Qlv. Of course we did all this
under full moon and precisely at twelve
o' clock midnight, while thunder was
raging through the airs.
   Steam came out of the cauldron, and
a stroke of lightning struck it, making
a weird green light shine out of it. We
waited the full described hour and then
carefully took the stone, now a weird
phosphorescing green one, from the 
cauldron. We placed it under a chestnut
at the beautiful island of Qi, and took
all the lead we could find. 
   And yes!!! Every lump of lead we
touched the stone with, turned into gold
shining and heavy, and very pure as it
appeared later. Since we installed the
stone obviously no need has arisen to
make a new one, and the treasury of the
leaf has never been empty since.
   Greetings wise readers, Qlxxxiv
