Mining and Minerals - Qxlviii

Greetings readers of this manuscript.
In it I will present an overview of
the minerals found in the mines of 
the leaf. Mostly these minerals are
gained by the dwarfs in their mines.
   Each of the minerals that have
been found in the leaf in significant
quantities will be described by name,
look, depth of reported finding
places, as well as assumed magic or
other important qualities.

   Deepest of all, at average depths of
1000 feet below the surface, Gnomathyst
is found. This deep purple corundum
variety, that slightly resembles the more
common Amethyst, is said to be used by the
dwarfs to be a strong medicine against the
intoxication by alcohol.
   At averagely 900 feet, Carbosapphire is
found. This close cousin of Sapphire is
found as deep purplish-blue translucent
crystals, and is said to be used in
astrological spells by the dwarfs.
   Some 100 feet higher, Gnomoruby can be
found. This dark red stones, mostly like
ordinary ruby, would allow the dwarfs to
talk to the birds and understand their
songs.
   Lilimaranth is occasionally found at
depths around 700 feet. These dark reddish
purple stones assumedly enable the dwarfs
to control various aspects of flowers.   
   Then Gnomonyx, mostly digged from shafts
at around 600 feet deep, should also not
be forgotten. This onyx like calchedony
variant often banded with layers of various
shades of colours, would be used by the
dwarfs to harden all kinds of things, from
nails to tools to mushrooms used for living.
   The shiny and metallic Micropyrith, often
confused with pyrite or by certain people
with gold, really is a mineral rather than
a metal. The dwarfs cut it out of the rocks
at a rough 500 feet below surface, and use 
it to make powders that burn with strong
flames and even make thundering sounds when
used in ways known to the dwarfs. 
   At a depth of about 400 feet the dwarfs
dig up Carbomarine. This greenish blue and
transparent beryl variant is said to be used
by the dwarfs to control the flow of water
in smaller but also larger streams.
   Gnomopaz can often be found at depths 
around 300 feet. This translucent, yellow,
topaz-like quartz variety is appreciated by
dwarfs only, for its assumed magical power
that they would be able to use to communicate 
with animals such as birds. It is used in an
unknown way, but certain is that gnomoruby is
also involved.
   Relatively close to the surface, averagely
at a 200 feet or there about, Lilimond can
sometimes be found. This dense black hematite
is closely related to diamond but rather soft.
However it is whispered that the dwarfs have
spells to make it considerably harder than
diamond!
   Finally, around 100 feet below the surface,
and often even higher, Carbonyx can be dug up.
These onyx-like stones are often thought to be
a Gnomonyx variant, yet the dwarfs seem to use
them for entirely different purposes. Some even
say the dwarfs use Carbonyx to soften all kinds
of things.
   This was a selection of the most common
minerals in the leaf. I am sure I have missed
many other interesting minerals from these areas,
yet time lacks, and I conclude here.
