On Plants - Qxlvii

In this booklet an indexation of herbs
in the Leaf will be given. Especially
the herbs important in spells and other
magic constructs are mentioned, so as
to guide future Q's in their work.

I Island flora
II Southeast finger flora
III Northwest finger flora
IV Southwest finger flora

I On the Island of Qi a multitude of 
trees and plants and herbs can be found. 
In this work we'll be focussing on herbs, 
but it be here mentioned that oaks, 
birches, and beeches, and also lindens, 
chestnuts, and elder-trees are there to
be found. Further there are a number of
fruits, like dewberries and blackberries,
and also honeysuckles and cranberries.
Also a rich selection of flowers is 
flourishing there, such as: dog rose and
burnet rose, sea buckthorn and sea holly,
but also fox gloves and ferns. Also a
good quality stinging nettle can always
be found there.
[oa(E, 3IPXE, 3ee<HeE, AI7)e7E, <HeE1701E, 
eA)eP-1PeeE. )eB3ePPIeE, 3Aa<(3ePPIeE, 
Ho7eYE0<(AeE, <Pa73ePPIeE.  )o[ PoEe, 30P7e1 
PoEe, Eea 30<(1HoP7, Eea HoAAY, 8oX [Ao8eE, 
8eP7E, E1I7[I7[ 7e11Ae.]

II In the Southeast leaf, a beautiful
hills-cape, cacti, acacias, orchids and
cannabis can be found. On the latter more
can be found in a separate work by this
author. Also elder-trees and honeysuckle
is richly spread over this finger. Since
some generations also aloes plants can be
found in this part of the leaf.
[<a<1I, a<a<IaE, oPXI)E, <a77a3IE. eA)eP-
1PeeE, Ho7eYE0<(Ae, aAoeE.]

III In the Northwest finger, these rather
desolate fields, ironweed grows abundantly.
Good fresh ironweed has seldom be found
better than in the northwest finger for
sure. Also hazel and absinthe, as well as
hyssop, immortelle, and valerian are
never missing in this region. More rare
herbs can often be spotted and gained in
this finger, allowing for special spells
and curses.
[IPo7Bee), HaSeA, a3EI71He, HYEEo#, 
I44oP1eAAe, 8aAePIa7.]

IV In the southwest finger, traditionally
left to the dwarfs, apart from various
types of worthful mushrooms, a number of
useful trees is found. Also honeysuckle,
ivy, and various powerful fern variants
are found here.
[40EHPoo4E, Ho7eYE0<(Ae, I8Y, 8eP7.] It
must be noted that herbs from this finger
were indispensable to Qxxx when he made 
the ink-blob ghost to protect his room in
the labyrinth, the one that attacks any
intruder with any weapons or without any
book. I once really forgot to bring a book
so I'll never forget this ghost. Anyway,
this ghost required some very special ferns
and they were to be found in the southwest
finger.

More herbs than mentioned grow in the leaf,
and in due time a second edition or a next
work should update the information given
herein,   so-far, Qxlvii 
