Techniques of Temporal Magic - Qclix

Herein a number of techniques of temporal
magic exploited in the Leaf are described.

Temporal magic, of course, is the entire
spectrum of spells and curses that are in
some way related to effect on time, either
local or global.

A lot of important uses must remain here
undescribed of course for safety reasons.
However one phenomenon every visitor of
the leaf sooner or later will encounter,
are the visions induced by certain stones.
To show a place to someone, the Q's learned
a technique to associate a certain sort of
stones with determined places. If later on
someone would look at such a stone closely,
that would induce a vision in that person
by splitting his presence into two places
at the same time. In fact the person really
is at two places at the same time for a very
short while. How this technique is applied
has of course to be unmentioned.

Another observable result of the temporal
spells used by the Q's, are the `Health-'
and `Spell-jars'. These jars allow persons
to store part of their health or spell power
into these jars for later usage. As long as
they're in the jars, time does not proceed
for the health and spell powers stored
therein. Only some jars do have little leaks
so they get empty after long periods. For some
reason they always remind me of the spells used
by Qxxx for the ink-blob ghost that protects 
his room in the labyrinth and kills any person
who enters carrying any weapons or not carrying
any book. A marvelous monster I would say.

Most observable, because the Q's regularly
sell them to the shops so they are publicly
offered, are the magically altered flies.
These flies, and specially smart versions as
well, are sold in boxes, a few flies per box,
and can be used to inspect or do all kinds of
things, depending on the quality. The sender
of such a fly stays in contact via some hyper-
temporal spell and can keep on controlling it
with no time-delay whatsoever. It is said that
the smarter flies can even be used for the
collecting of items, killing of small monsters
and more.

Here I have to end this description of applied
temporal magic, after saying once more that
much more use is made of these techniques than
can be mentioned here. A dedicated and very
hard-working adventurer with a sharp mind and
eye can find some more in the leaf for sure.

