Calanport Notes
---------------

Area Descriptions :
  The High Quarter - 
      Place where the wealthy and powerful families originally held
      residence. Not only is the area protected by strong gates and
      tough guards, there is also strong magical security enchanted
      on the homes from long ago by an archmage who originally lived
      here. (His family still resides here.) There are 9 families
      inside the area, 4 of which are members of the city council.
  The Foreign Quarter -
      Place where the poor and a lot of the uglier nonhuman races
      reside. It contains an overall neutral to evil residence. It
      is only secure out of fear and a few strong locks but the city
      itself provides no magical security. Plus, patrols are bigger
      and more frequent here.
  The Barracks -
      Where the town guards and militia stay. The town guards who have
      no family stay in the southern barracks and the militia stay
      in the northern barracks. They are usually well trained, the
      guards being better than the militia. Plus, more than 70% of the
      guards/militia is made up of ogres/half-ogres/trolls. (There is
      a story about that btw!) They are their own security.
  The Marketplace -
      Contains stores, bank, post office, guilds, etc.
  Temple Row -
      Where most of the temples are located. All temples are allowed
      to promote their religion so long as the city and residents are
      not harmed. No inter-religious conflicts are allowed between the
      religious bodies.
  The Residential Quarter -
      Where the majority of the town lives. Most are merchants or 
      fishermen. The residents of Line Road have tried to form a
      community similar to the High Quarter, and therefore has better
      security.
  The Pillar -
      The 300 foot tall pillar was magical created as a catastrophe,
      when a rash war wizard named Aragos tried to take control of an
      artifact. He along with his castle erupted from the ground into
      the sky on this pillar. He rebuilt the devastated town and has
      provided law and order and prosperity for its residents. The
      only known means to the top is by an elevator powered by a
      magical golem.
  The Castle -
      The castle on top of the pillar is the home to Aragos the 
      Shadowed and is a great defense against enemies. Between his own
      ability and those of the artifact he currently possesses, there
      is no known force that can take him out when prepared.

  General roads :
    NOTE: Castle Square goes around the pillar in the center, N. and
          S. Main Street divides the city into east and west. E. and
          W. Date Road divides the city into north and south.
    Castle Square -
      This road encircles the great pillar in the center of the city.
      N. and S. Main street connect with as well as E. and W. Gate 
      Road. Other streets that connect to it include Peddler St. from
      from the southwest, Tuskis St. from the southeast, and Selvins
      St. from the northeast.
    South Main Street -
      It is the direct street of travel into the city and leads into
      the middle of the city to Castle Square. The only street that
      intersects it is South Wall Street. There is only 1 building on 
      either side of the street. Each is a stable of sorts.
    North Main Street -
      It connects the center of the city to North Wall Street. Only
      1 street connects with it, and that is Lone Man's March Road off
      the western side of the street.
    East Gate Road -
      It connects the center of town to the east gate. 2 roads
      intersect this road: Soldier's Way in the middle and East Wall
      Street at the gate.
    West Gate Road -
      It connects the center of town to the west gate. 1 road intersects
      this road, and it is West Wall Street at the gate.
    North Wall Street -
      It runs along the north wall of the city connecting the 2 towers.
      In the middle of it is the prison tower. The roads extending off
      of it from west to east are West Wall Road, Market Way, North 
      Main Street, Emerald Street, Soldiers Way, and East Wall Street.
    South Wall Street -
      It runs along the south wall of the city connecting the 2 towers.
      In the middle of it is the southern (MAIN) gate. The roads
      extending off of it from west to east are West Wall Street,
      Whalebone Road, South Main Street, Lean Field Road, and
      East Wall Street.
    East Wall Street -
      It runs along the east wall of the city connecting the 2 towers.
      In the middle of it is located the east gate. The roads extending
      off of it from north to south are North Wall Street, East Gate
      Road, Fish Head Lane, Tuskis Street, and South Wall Street.
    West Wall Street -
      It runs along the west wall of the city connecting the 2 towers.
      In the middle of it is located the west gate. The roads extending
      off of it from north to south are North Wall Street, Market Way,
      Lone Man's March Road, Temple Row, West Gate Road, Tuppence
      Street, Peddler Street, and South Wall Street.

  NorthWest Corner Roads :
    Market Way -
      It connects West Wall Street with North Wall Street. The only 
      other street off of it is Pidgeons Way to the south.
    Pidgeons Way -
      It is a short road that connects Market Way with Lone Man's March
      Road.
    Lone Man's March Road -
      It connects West Wall Road with North Main Street. The only other
      2 roads off of it are Temple Row to the south of it and Pidgeons
      Way to the north.
    Temple Row -
      It connects West Wall Road with Lone Man's March Road.

  NorthEast Corner Roads :
    Soldier's Way -
      A long road connecting North Wall Street to Fish Head Lane, 
      although with respect to the northeast corner it only goes to
      East Gate Road. The only other street that connects with it is
      Selvins Street on the west side of it.
    Selvins Street -
      A short street connecting the middle of the city to Soldier's
      Way. The southern gate of the High Quarter is located off the
      north side of this road.
    Emerald Street -
      It traverses the high quarter from north to south, ending at
      guarded gates. The 2 roads off of it are Jewel Lane on the
      east side and Dreamers Court on the west side.
    Jewel Lane -
      It is off the east side of Emerald Street in the High Quarter.
    Dreamers Court -
      It is off the west side of Emerald Street in the High Quarter.

  SouthEast Corner Roads :
    Soldier's Way -
      It continues from the northeast corner of the city where it ends
      at North Wall Street, and ends to the south at Fish Head Lane. For
      the southeast corner, it effectively ends at East Gate Road.
    Tuskis Street -
      It connects the middle of the city to East Wall Street. There are
      4 roads off of it: Fish Head Lane to the east, Lean Field Road
      to the south, Boar Belly Road to the north and Horn Street as an
      intersection.
    Fish Head Lane -
      It connects Tuskis Street with East Wall Street. There are 3 other
      roads off of it: Soldier's Way to the north, and Boar Belly Road
      and Horn Street to the south.
    Horn Street -
      It connects Lean Field Road with Fish Head Lane. 1 road intersects
      this one, Tuskis Street.
    Lean Field Road -
      It connects South Wall Street with Tuskis Street. There is 1 road
      off of it which is Horn Street on the eastern side.
    Boar Belly Road -
      It connects Fish Head Lane with Tuskis Street.

  SouthWest Corner Roads :
    Peddler Street -
      It connects the middle of the city with the southwest tower on
      West Wall Street. There are 3 streets off of it, Tuppence Street
      on the eastern side, and Whalebone Road and Sinker Street on the
      eastern side.
    Tuppence Street -
      It connects West Wall Street with Peddler Street. There are 2
      alleys off of it, Line Road off the north side, and Hook Alley
      off the south side.
    Line Road -
      It is a side-road (alley) off the north side of Tuppence Street.
    Sinker Street -
      It is a side-road off the west side of Peddler Street.
    Hook Alley -
      An alley off the south side of Tuppence Street.
    Whalebone Road -
      It connects South Wall Street with Peddler Street.
    Striker Street -
      It is really two alleys extending north and south off the end of
      Sinker Street.

  City Entrances/Exits :
    South Gate -
      Main gate from the enchanted road. Charge for entrance into the
      city and read the rules of the city.
    East Gate -
      Leads to the docks and the fishing community that lives outside
      the city. Need ships that go to places.
    West Gate -
      Leads to new/wild lands. Unplanned.

  Castle :
    No plans as of yet. First the city.

  Further notes :
    Would like to have guard patrols. Also, if a citizen is attacked,
    based on location would like to have guards come off of a yell, or
    maybe close friends. Want secret places in the city too, useful
    for future enhancements/quests. The guilds can be joined as though
    it were a real organization (not a player guild).
    Stables included for realism and maybe future mounts. I suppose i 
    just want better interactive NPCs. I am going to want HM to have 
    around 8-10 religions. Only 7 are legal religions in the city, the
    others would be cults. I want only us 2 to have control of what goes
    into the city so no bugs are introduced. Eventually a big underground
    area will be added under the city where the drow/illithid/liches/etc
    have their own market and arena to fight in etc.

  Comments :
    It will be big. Might use suggestions on dynamic room creation so
    each normal house varies only slightly. What about doors and locks?
