                         Cardmaster Guild
1) Why HM needs a cardmaster guild?
     Since many mud players also play "Magic the Gathering", it will be wise
and popular to bring in a guild based on the game. It will attrack players
from other muds and anyone that plays Magic. It also help for this guild
will use the money that so many players just collect and leave in the bank.
The player has to buy "cards" to fight in this guild. In the real Magic card
game, a player uses what they get from buying decks or packages of cards.

2) why I want to do this
     I want to do this because I see so many people playing magic that comes 
on mud. It will bring the glory of the old Holy Mission back. Magic is quite
popular you know. I'm a player of Magic so I'm doing this because I'm greatly
interested in this. Plus this is an original idea so I'll work hard on this.
3) plans for the guild what power they will have what balance you will achieve
abilities, skills, and powers
      Cardmaster guild will basically be a mage and summoner guild combo.
They will use cards for defensive, attacking, and summoning spells. They will
need to buy these cards in decks or packages offered at their guild shop.
They will need spell points to cost these spells so spell points is needed
and will limit their power. They can not wear bulky armors and must by dex
and int based. 
     The cards will be put into three groups. They are rare, uncommon, and 
common so that there are specialized spells I person will cast so not all
of them will fight the same way. Cards will come randomly like in the real
Magic game. The rare cards being the strongest will be like 1 in every 100
cards. Uncommon cards will be 1 in every 10 cards, and the commons will make up
the rest of the cards. The players will be able to save their cards like
in the mage guild of Realmsmud (their reagents). More powerful cards will not
be able to be used til you are higher in levels so you can save them up for
later. Mainly the only cards that players in first level will use lightning 
bolts and low spell point casting spells that deals little damage. Summoning
spells will in two groups...staying and non-staying. Staying will follow
where ever you go and non-staying will die at the end of battle. You can only
cast two or three staying at a time and maybe about 5 non-staying ones.
The card will be described by looking at it as an object. 
     I will have to make more "cards" as I go on, but the guild will start
with about 20-40 common cards, 10-20 uncommons, and about 5-10 rare cards
made when I ask for approval and start the guild. I will have to work on more
cards as time goes by.
Cards that will probably appear in the start of opening:
     Magic missile---Same as mages
     Lightning bolt---Same same
     Flare-----weaker then magic missile
     Counterspell---counter a mages or cardmasters etc spells.
     Firefly--summon-creature..provides light and do a tiny bit of damage.
     Wolf--summoning spell...just attacks
     Heal--heals a bit of hp
     Power Drain--attempt to steal sp from a player
     Force Void--like a force field..protection
     Fireball--same as mage...area attack
     Disintegrate--concentrated attack spell
     Elvish Hunter--buddy pal etc helps...summoning spell
     Ball Lightning--Non-staying attacker
     Drudge Skeleton--staying...can use sp to regenerate him
     Holy strength--cast on player or staying summon creatures
     UnHoly strength--attacking strength while holy will bring up hp for a 
                      short time.
     Jester's Cap--steals cards from fellow members.
     Serra Angel--More powerful attacker--flying...more dodge power.
     
     will get more ideas and ask players to tell me what they want....

     Hope You Guys like the idea.....
                  Deckmaster Tinman
