My quest idea is Luminary Array.  You must retreive the stolen Light Suit from
the Demons Of Chaos. The Arch DOC has stolen the Light Suit from the Light
Elemental, in hopes to bring themselves out of the Darkness and take over the
light plane. The instructions to the light suit are only known to the LE.
You have to register for the quest by seeing the LE and asking for permission
to forefill this quest. You must be over a certain level to even get the
info on this quest. Once the player is given the infomation, must write it 
down, for there will be no notes given out. This means that the quest info
could be changed regulary, with minimum modification of code.  The setting for
this quest lies inside my castle. A forest adventure part, a library adventure
part and the Parallel Plane Of Chaos. At present this represents approxmitely
60 -> 65 rooms at start. More can and will be added, as time warrants, but I'm
around alot.

Now, these places are no exclusive to the quest, you can do this stuff on your
own or with a party. But only one will get credit for the quest AND the
registration of you as the single questor will take can of that. *sigh*

Now, quest items are:

   1> Light Suit. Possessed by Zesranotea, Arch DOC.

   2> Bastard Sword. In a case, with a code word to open.

   3> Darknife. Can be found in the stronghold of the Arch DOC.

Other items associated with the quest: Star Leaf, Library Key, Chaos Key,
    Book of Chaos and Ridge crystal, so far.

Now, creatures that will appear here and there...

   1> DOC - Demons Of Chaos. 1 Arch, 2 or 3 Highs, 1 Troll, 1 Captain
                             6 - 9 Lowers and 3 - 7 workers.
            Level range from 65 --> 15.

   2> Dark elfs - In the lower levels of the Library. The Giant Cooshe
                  Drow elvin dog possess the Book of Chaos. Some Drow elfs
                  will be found on the PPOC also.

            Level ranges from 35 --> 7

   3> Other various creatures not to exceed 5.

           Level ranges from 35 --> 20.


There is good in all this. There's a cell with creatures that will follow you!
But you must find the cell and learn how to open it. (heheh)

