Guilds in the:
- Fighter class: warrior, barbarian, ranger, paladin, jedi
- Thief class (rogue guilds?): thief, assassin, ninja, pirate, bard
- Priest class: cleric, druid, crusader, healer, monk
- Mage class: sorceror, vagabond, elementalist, summoner, alchemist
 
Races:
human, elf, dwarf, hobbit, gnome, half-elf, half-orc, half-ogre, 
orc, ogre, troll, sekreh, rakasta, skaven, gronnar, dracol
 
HUMANS
======
Background:
Since all of us have been humans in the life we just let behind, we all
know that humans take themselves as the standard with which everything
else is compared. From a point of view of the other races, humans are
fairly tall, slim and poke their noses in just about anybody's business.
Humans are quick to learn and easily pick up bits of knowledge of every
subject they set themselves to deal with. However, humans also know that
for every bit they learn in a different field, there will be someone in
another race who will add an equal amount of knowledge to lift his trade
to a height that no human ever may reach. To compensate for this, humans
are a very social people, and their combined powers are equalled by none.
They are also the most prominant race around with which to socialize.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: 5 to 6 foot
Weight: 60 to 90 kg (130 to 200 lbs)
Look: skin from pale to dark brown, blue or brown eyes, blond through black
hair with the occasional red. Fairly slim built.
Abilities: none
Guilds often joined: any
 
ELVES
=====
Elves appear as a noble race in the eyes of all other races, and are either
highly respected or deeply hated for it. Elves are sometimes described
as creatures of the sun, for their golden blonde hair, their fair
complexion, and soft but stimulating voices. Others name elves the children
of the moon, for they come and go in silence, and their presence can
lead people to safety or to a certain death. Outsiders seldom can tell
whether it's their magic or skills they apply. Their longevity is the cause
that much of the ancient wisdom has been preserved in their houses and
families, where it is guarded against outsiders with anything less than
a heart as pure as freshly fallen snow.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: slightly varying around 5 foot
Weight: 50 to 60 kg (110 to 135 lbs)
Look: Skin from pale to lightly tanned, blue or green eyes, blond, light
brown or grey hair. Graceful.
Abilities: infravision(well developed), some resistance to magic and
           mind-affecting attacks
Guilds often joined: ranger, paladin, jedi, any thief(except thug),
                     druid, healer, cleric, any mage
 
DWARVES
=======
Dwarves are often seen as rude, fierce guardians or master craftsmen.
This is usually based off of misunderstanding. Most dwarves are
short-tempered, mainly because of their past and the rudeness that the
other races toward them. They live in strict clans and are quite
religious. They are known as master craftsmen, surpassing everyone
in their smithing skills and being some of the best engineers and
brewers, usually having unbelievable patience when it comes to 
completing their task. Dwarves normally live in mountainous areas or
underground, and their designs reflect this environment, prizing
precious gems and metals, and creating sturdy tools, weapons and
armour. Dwarven hospitality is not known to be friendly, but they
usually give their guests the same respect they give each other.

Hard Facts:
Height: 4 to 5 foot
Weight: 60 to 80 kg (130 to 180 lbs)
Look: Light tanned to dark brown skin, dark brown or black eyes and hair,
growing to a very dark grey with old age. Short but broad built. Wearing
beards (men) or long pony-tails (women).
Abilities: infravision(well developed), some resistance to magic and 
           poison
Guilds often joined: warrior, barbarian, paladin, thief, thug, bard, 
                     any priest(except druid)
 
HOBBITS
=======
Hobbits tend to get treated as if they are little children because of their
height. And many are the people who have found out the hard way that this
was a BIG mistake. For if you are a 'tall person', as the hobbits call many
of the other races, don't forget at what height a hobbit's eyes are when he
gets angry. But hobbits are hard to get angered, and quick to forget. Life
is too full of joyful things, so let's enjoy all of it while you can! To
hobbits a good friend is worth the world and more. And a friend's need, a
good story or an intricate puzzle are the only things a hobbit will really
put himself into trouble for. And it surprises often the wisest in what way
hobbits manage to get themselves and their friends out of it again.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: 3 to 4 foot
Weight: 40 to 50 kg (85 to 110 lbs)
Look: Skin from pale to dark tanned, any kind of brown hair and eyes.
They tend to get round bellies at an early age. Usually go barefoot.
Abilities: infravision(somewhat developed)
Guilds often joined: warrior, ranger, jedi, thief, bard, druid, healer,
                     cleric, any mage(except alchemist)
 
GNOMES
======
Gnomes are a race which is a distant relative from dwarves. Gnomes are very 
solitary people. They are nevertheless very interested in anything anyone
has to tell or show. Not so much because they want to get to know the person,
but either to satisfy they infinite curiousity or to find ways to obtain
things that noone else has. Gnomes are very fond of novelties, and will go
to great lengths to find out every detail of a puzzle. This often results
in the creation of new things or views. But beware when gnomes start fiddling
with the one power humanoidkind was not meant to understand: magic.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: 4 to 5 foot
Weight: 55 to 70 kg (120 to 155 lbs)
Look: Greyish pink to dark tanned skin, grey or black eyes, with white or
blond hair. Gnomes have big ears and often wear some kind of hat to disguise
that fact. 
Abilities: infravision(well developed), slight resistance to magic
Guilds often joined: warrior, ranger, thief, assassin, any priest(except
                     crusader), elementalist, alchemist, sorceror
 
HALF-ELVES
==========
Half-elves are the result of the occasional amourous affair between humans
and elves. Although they have inherited the diversity of humans, and the
magic capabilities and appearance of elves, they are not truely accepted by 
either race. They are too restless to fit in the elven family traditions and 
are too much a magic creature to fit into the human urban society. Plus, 
the inherit prejudices of both societies prevent them from being a part
of either to a full extent. This makes the half-elves very solitary people,
but they are happy that way. Half-elves get along with most of the other
races and often form a bridge when racial friction becomes high. Because
they are used to their solitude, they only tend to do things they like,
when they like it, even if others are present.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: 5 to 6 foot
Weight: 50 to 70 kg (110 to 160 lbs)
Look: As elves, with skin, eye and hair colours that don't exist in elves.
Abilities: infravision(fairly well developed), slight resistance to mind-
           affecting abilities
Guilds often joined: any
 
ORCS
====
Although orcs and their kin are often regarded as an ugly race, they are
actually the closed to humans of any of the 'dark' races. Orcs are easy
to anger but easy to please as well. Although they are very touchy when it
comes to criticism, this is usually because they regard their honour and
bravery as the most highy valued traits. Orcs are very social people, but
their very open social values are not always appreciated by the other races.
Orcs usually go for the direct, but honest approach in everything they do.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: 5 to 7 foot
Weight: 60 to 100 kg (135 to 225 lbs)
Look: Skin from dark tanned to dark brown or dark red, black eyes, bright
white, red, dark brown or black hair. Orcs have very flat noses and prolonged
corner teeth in their lower jaw, looking like tusks.
Abilities: infravision(fairly well developed), tough skin
Guilds often joined: warrior, barbarian, jedi, thief, assassin, thug,
                     cleric, crusader, elementalist, sorceror
 
HALF-ORCS
=========
Half-orcs are the odd offspring of a relationship between an orc and a human
or half-elf. They face the same problems as do the half-elves, and are also
very solitary people. Half-orcs however, often tend to be more chaotic in
their ways as compared with half-elves. In company they are often the ones
who start the action. While alone, they usually spend a lot of time on the
one thing they have made their passion (which can be sensible or insensible
thing). Half-orcs are known to simply drop a job when they get bored with it.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: 6 to 7 foot
Weight: 60 to 90 kg (135 to 190 lbs)
Look: as humans, but with mismatching hair, skin and eye colours. Some of 
them have the orcish 'tusks'.
Abilities: none
Guilds often joined: any
 
OGRES
=====
Of the humanoid races, ogres are the ones who closest relate to the giants.
They have their slow, massive ways of moving and thinking in common. They
are not very very sensitive to what other people might take offence to and
their bulky mass makes that they often get away with it as well. Ogre
society is a matriarchal one and women of any race are usually treated with
fear and respect. Although ogres are bright enough to understand any ideas
put to them, they usually don't bother with mental exercise if their brute
physique can get the job done as easily. Ogre's don't practice magic a lot,
not because they can't (they can!), but simply because they can't be bothered
with all the learning that comes with it.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: 7 to 10 foot
Weight: 90 to 160 kg (200 to 360 lbs)
Look: Skin from pale through yellow to dark brown, eyes red or brown, black
hair. They have massive muscles and too long arms. They lack eye lids.
Abilities: tough skin, susceptibility to mind-affecting attacks
Guilds often joined: warrior, barbarian, cleric, sorceror
 
HALF-OGRES
==========
Half-ogres probably originated as the children of human women who were
raped by ogres. When their numbers began to increase, they started to
flock together and formed their own communities, or they stayed with
tolerant humans. As with many other half human races, the humanoid part
generally tends to be prominant and it takes many generations with only
humans to remove it, and then there is always a chance of having some
deformities. Since they have always had close ties to their mothers and
their ogre heritage lead to the fact that half-ogres too have a
matriarchal society. In particular women of old age are honoured as
demi-goddesses. Half-ogres are very closed towards the other races.
They know they have the brutal attitude of the ogres, but
would like to be more subtle like their human relatives. This hitting-and-
making-up way of life can only understood by other half-ogres.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: 6 to 8 foot
Weight: 80 to 130 kg (180 to 290 lbs)
Look: As tall, strong built humans, or as puny ogres.
Abilities: tough skin
Guilds often joined: any fighter(except paladin), thug, crusader, healer,
                     cleric, elementalist, summoner, sorceror
 
TROLLS
======
Rock trolls are the only humanoids who tend to shy away from the rest
of civilization. They are easily confused with their other trollish
kin and therefore mobs usually hunt them down with fire. On the 
occasion that a rock troll is welcomed into another race's society,
they find that rock trolls are not nearly as unintelligent as their
kin, and they prove to be a great ally. They fear little that common
sense does not show to be dangerous, eg. a dragon. Their own society
is a male-dominant one, although they will be the first to admit that
if it weren't for their way they would not know the little magic that
they do know. They are naturally suspiscious of outsiders but have
very friendly attitudes when their trust is with you.

Hard Facts:
Height: 7 to 9 foot
Weight: 90 to 150 kg (200 to 335 lbs)
Look: Grotesque large humanoids, usually having dark green to dark brown
skin, and black hair. Eye color includes any shade of red, brown or green.
Abilities: tough skin, regeneration, susceptibility to fire, fear
Guilds often joined: warrior, barbarian, thug, summoner, sorceror
 
SEKREH
======
The sekreh are a far off races of humanoids bearing a resemblance to 
bipedal lizards, although calling them thus would be to offend them.
Of all the other races, they can relate to the dwarves the most. The
live in mountainous areas, preferably near volcanoes, and live in clans.
It is a matriarchal society and a religious one as well. They are good
leatherworkers, often making anything they can from the hides of their
kills, and superb cooks, although it tends to be quite spicy. To 
underestimate the Sekreh as harmless lizards may mean certain death,
as they are viscious fighters. Their natural inclination toward heat
and warm places also put them at a disadvantage in colder environments.
The Sekrek are very loyal, quiet and polite, so long as they do not
take too much abuse or their tail is not stepped on.

Hard Facts:
Height: 4.5 to 5.5 foot
Weight: 80 to 110 kg (180 to 245 lbs)
Look: Short bipedal lizards with a long tail. Their skin ranges from
green to dark red to dark brown and their eye color is usually a shade
of green, red or brown.
Abilities: some resistance to fire, susceptibility to cold, some
           resistance to poison, spit poison, tail attack
Guilds often joined: warrior, barbarian, ranger, ninja, bard, healer,
                     cleric, elementalist, alchemist, sorceror
 
RAKASTA
=======
These catlike people are very agile. They live in social groups which are
formed by mutual agreement, much like humans. Although to outsiders these
groups may look like total anarchy, there always is a definite leader, whose
final decisions are never questioned. Rakasta are very proud of who they are
as an individual, and will do anything to make them look different from
other rakasta. These radical differences can only be allowed because the
rakasta adhere to a very strict set of social rules and there is little
interaction that does not involve one protocol or another.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: 5 to 6 foot
Weight: 50 to 60 kg (110 to 135 lbs)
Look: Any kind of fur and eyes colurs that we know from our cats (including 
cheetahs, tigers, etc.). They always dress in bright coloured clothes.
Abilities: infravision(fairly well developed)
Guilds often joined: warrior, barbarian, paladin, any rogue, cleric,
                     healer, monk, sorceror, vagabond
 
SKAVEN
======
These ratlike people are looked at with disgust by most of the other races,
and the rakasta in particular. Skaven live in small gangs. In this formation
they try to survive in any way they can. Property is not a known concept
for skaven, which does not help in their acceptance by other races. Skaven
don't care much for clothing either and, dressed in their ragged cloaks, all
skaven look the same to outsiders. Skaven proudly carry their use-names,
which they gain from their gang members for a special feat or trait.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: slightly varying around 4 foot
Weight: 40 to 50 kg (85 to 110 lbs)
Look: Brown or grey fur, black eyes, with th occasional albino.
Abilities: infravision(fairly well developed)
Guilds often joined: warrior, barbarian, any thief, elementalist, 
                     sorceror, vagabond

GRONNAR
=======
These "creatures" are rumoured to either be long-past cursed humans who
were stuck to live in this form, as was their descendants, or some offshoot
of demon, yet in actuality they are neither. Their history has been lost
however. Either way, the Gronnar are the most horrid, feared and hated
amongst all the humanoids, if not among creatures in general. The Gronnar
are black scaly humanoids, with horns, four arms and a tail, although it
cannot move much. They are quite bulky, slow, strong and unwise. They do
not know the meaning of fear, nor stupidity. They are quite chaotic and
enjoy a little mayhem. Their best points are that they also give a lot of
respect to those who earn it.

Hard Facts:
Height: 6 to 8 foot
Weight: 80 to 125 kg (180 to 280 lbs)
Look: Black scaly skin, four arms, twisted horns, a tail. No hair and 
black eyes.
Abilities: extra arms, some resistance to magic, some resistance to
           deathmagic, suseptibility to electricity, susceptibility to
           cold, suscepitibility to mind-affecting attacks
Guilds often joined: warrior, barbarian, anti-paladin, assassin, thug,
                     cleric, sorceror

DRACOL
======
The dracol are a highly magical race. They themselves claim they have come from
another plane of existance, but noone has ever heard the whole story. Because
of their nature, they are practitioners of magic, rather than scholars. Dracol
have a very strong sense of worthy and unworthy, which they apply to people and
things alike. A dracol will at all times ignore unworthy persons completely, as
if they don't exist. They will not touch unworthy items and avoid unworthy
places. What the criteria are in the decision if something's worthy, is
anyone's guess, but once decided it is determined for ever. Dracols will treat
anyone worthy as family. Among themselves they seem to respect a certain clan
structure, between which they don't seem to mix well.
 
Hard Facts:
Height: around 7 feet
Weight: around 100 kg (220 lbs)
Look: They have a bald pale skin, which has a silver, gold or copper reflection
when illuminated by direct sun light. Big blue or green eyes in a somewhat
reptilian shaped head, often crowned with a comb of painted boney spikes.
Smooth humanlike hands and webbed reptilian feet. Usually dressed in long
robes.
Abilities: some resistance to magic, susceptibility to physical
Guilds often joined: paladin, bard, any priest, any mage

